Add fan-out benchmark: 1 value, many consumers, socket-burst updates (#19)
NullVoxPopuli/rere-benchmark: README.md

Where you don't control the frequency of the updates, and they could happen at any speed. In this bench, we test if the message event is so fast, it's synchronous. And then measure the time it takes for the framework to render those schanges. 

#### One value, many consumers (fan out)

This test renders a single reactive value in many places at once, and then updates that value in bursts.

It's kinda similar to having this in your app:
```js 
websocket.on('message', (ticks) => ticks.forEach(updateSharedValue));
```

> Think: a live exchange rate, "users online" count, or shared cursor position that appears all over a dashboard. Each socket message (a macrotask) carries a burst of updates, and only the last value in a burst ever needs to hit the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is maybe emulating a live exchange rate, "users online" count, or shared cursor position that appears all over a dashboard. Each socket message (a macrotask) carries a burst of updates, and only the last value in a burst ever needs to hit the DOM.
```
